let's read the name of the wind by
Patrick Rothfuss hmm turns out it's Dave
the name of the wind is Dave sorry about
that spoiler I just thought I'd get out
of the way early the name of the wind is
the life of both as told by quoth Co
both relates his tale to a man known as
the chronicler and promises that it will
take three days to tell the entire story
as it's meant to be told this book is
the first day it's all about deciphering
the myth of quo what's interesting is
that we don't know what his legendary
acts actually are all we have is a
little blurb on the book that says this
legendary stuff but we don't know how
the rest of this world truly perceived
both and what he's done that's made him
stone notorious nevertheless he's hiding
as an innkeeper in a local Inn and very
few people actually know that this this
humble innkeeper is in fact both very
early on it's discovered the kavod was a
young boy who lived with his family and
they traveled around as a performing
theater troupe telling stories and
performing amusements for audiences in
various cities and towns on one eventful
day after his parents and the rest of
the troupe are murdered both becomes an
orphan and spends his time as a street
ruffian in a town later on he then
decides to go to school and learn the
ways of magic that his tutors have
promised him that he can learn he's a
character with lessons to learn and
hardships to go through and he's more
likely to make bad choices and give away
good money or waste good money rather
than make right choices and save and
hoard and be responsible with his
earnings the big problem is of course
that Koval does not have tuition money
and has to work and encounter many
hardships in order to pay for tuition
and continue to live just like anybody
else would in our world pretty much
everything has a cost and if you're not
going to pay for it you're not going to
get it both sometimes feels like your
typical frat boy college student he
incurs massive debts in order to pay for
his schooling and at one point he even
joins a band clothed himself does feel
like a real person you could walk up and
talk to him have a conversation with him
you get to know him you know what he's
like you know what he's liable to do so
even at the end when you're rooting for
him to do certain things you also know
how he would pretty much expect him to
act
aside from character the writing in this
book is incredibly well polished it is
so it is so well written that any wordy
words sentence things I can put out
don't do it justice there are many
beautiful phrases that read almost like
poetry and Patrick Rothfuss has
certainly excelled as a very lyrical and
well worded writer many people have
praised the world-building of the name
of the wind and I'm not quite sure I see
it with everybody else I find that the
world-building is really good when it
comes to the cities but I don't get a
grander sense of the politics going on
in this world or the you know even just
the geography this place it ever feels
like a big open world it feels like we
have a few specific cities and they're
really great but when it comes down to
it this is a character study of a man
who makes mistakes who has a lot to
learn the first part of the book has a
pretty even pace but getting into the
last 100 to 200 pages the pace just
really really kicks up and it throws in
a lot of stuff that was missing from the
first 90% of the book some of it
involving magic and I'm not going to
spoil anything for you that way but just
to be clear this isn't your normal
fantasy it's not Wonder fantasy but
that's one of the best parts about the
name of the wind it makes a very
determined effort to give credence and
credibility to fantasy long story short
I'm still trying to figure out how I
feel about this book as interesting a
character as quote is it's hard to see
what the end game is here there's a man
who killed his parents who seems like he
would be a very prominent figure yet he
doesn't feature that much or at all in
this book in fact he's only in one
chapter even going into the second book
the Wise Man's Fear we won't know what
this end game is until we get to the
very end where this is going I just
don't know regardless the work stands on
its own and is very comparable to the
lies of Locke the moor by Scott Lynch if
anything it's the same story but with a
little less wash in its buckle but that
doesn't mean it's not as good anyways
you guys have a wonderful Reading Week
and we will talk to you later bye bye